+++
title = 'Prayer BH07661 in English'
author = "Bah치'u'll치h"
tags = ['lang-en', 'BH07661', "Bah치'u'll치h"]
+++
Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I attempt to make mention of Thee, I am hindered by the sublimity of Thy station and the overpowering greatness of Thy might.  For were I to praise Thee throughout the length of Thy dominion and the duration of Thy sovereignty, I would find that my praise of Thee can befit only such as are like unto me, who are themselves Thy creatures, and who have been generated through the power of Thy decree and been fashioned through the potency of Thy will.  And at whatever time my pen ascribeth glory to any one of Thy names, methinks I can hear the voice of its lamentation in its remoteness from Thee, and can recognize its cry because of its separation from Thy Self.  I testify that everything other than Thee is but Thy creation and is held in the hollow of Thy hand.  To have accepted any act or praise from Thy creatures is but an evidence of the wonders of Thy grace and bountiful favors, and a manifestation of Thy generosity and providence.
I entreat Thee, O my Lord, by Thy Most Great Name whereby Thou didst separate light from fire, and truth from denial, to send down upon me and upon such of my loved ones as are in my company the good of this world and of the next.  Supply us, then, with Thy wondrous gifts that are hid from the eyes of men.  Thou art, verily, the Fashioner of all creation.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most High.
